Wait,
wait,
wait.
I think it's physically
waste with
wade
check
just
flocking in.
Okay,
we will get started again.
Fire one of these.
Thanks for your patients.
Are you guys ready to be spoken?
Well of complete the introduction,
they can talk a bit.
Is there figure out the technology.
So welcome back.
Thanks for being back on time for the break.
Sorry,
we had a little thing happening.
Ran a little bit over,
but we're having it back on track.
So the next presentation,
we're shifting back to the echo through sixty team a topic that i'm sure is near and dear to
everyone's heart here,
which is about cloud usage and reporting those topics together,
i think are certainly one of the if not the topic about which we get the most
questions or people wanna have the most conversations on dh.
That was true even yesterday and last evening and this morning in various conversations that i've had.
So i think it's very timely.
So by popular demand,
we're gonna bring up tony a body again.
He'll be part of the conversation,
but i'm sure the heavy lifting will be done by at least gordon who's,
our corporate development manager.
You may know alise if we've done in kind of detailed pricing or
usage analytics.
Least at least does a lot of that work behind the scenes and so she's the perfect person also
have been tapped recently to be kind of product manager for reporting analytics within the product,
so she has lived the job and very qualified to do that,
so if we're ready to go there,
then i will turn it over to the team.
Thank you,
chris.
All right,
well,
we're just gonna jump right in i may or may not have a clicker so sorry five toe keep coming back here,
but ultimately i wantto first start by going over our overall
reporting strategy and really what we want to do at the cores provide high level
reports for dean's admin is instructors provos and hopefully
soon advisers as well and really what we want to be doing here is exposing the power of
this platform through all of this pedagogic lee compelling data that we have so at
this point it's about getting all of this wonderful data that we have into your hands and so that's
been our focus in the recent months and will be moving forward.
Also,
i want to talk about how far we've come,
so i think last year around this time we were talking about debut ing the admin
dashboard and in that time we've not only debuted the admin
dashboard,
but we've also doubled the number of cards on that dashboard so increasing the amount of
data that you guys all have access to these cards now open up
two tables of data in some cases,
charts and other cases,
and we are also as of today,
providing the ability to see us fee export,
some of that data and that's going to continue to improve as we move forward so gay huge
deal,
go explore the admin dashboard,
play around with it,
see what it has to offer.
Um,
another big thing that we've done is we've re architected our data infrastructure.
Now,
this was a really big deal for multiple reasons,
but most notably it's going to improve the accuracy of our data,
which is a huge deal,
and it's also going to allow us to it'll write more quickly and produce these reports and get those
out to you in a much more timely manner.
We've also added the ability to filter all of this data by organization department,
so we'll give you a better idea,
thie ability to drill down and see who's doing what in the platform and all of
this is really moving us tour closer and closer to this calpers data feed that we
ultimately want to provide this will allow you to get a live feed of data
into your data warehouse or wherever you're you're able to collect that and so this
is when you can really do all of the analysis all your data junkies,
this is what we're moving towards for you.
So,
like i had highlighted the admin dashboard is probably one of the biggest things we've done in reporting in the past
year,
so if you have access to this,
go in,
check it out,
you'll notice here all the cards that we have available right now we're going to continue to add
to this dashboard,
so this is exciting it's going toe become even more robust,
you can go in there,
you khun add remove cards that you don't want to see,
you move them around,
you can customize this view to make it look the way you like.
Um and then,
like i said,
today is just an overview of what we're talking about.
Clouds usage is going to be a big topic of conversation.
We're also going to talk about what reports we've recently released,
and then we're also going to talk about upcoming reporting that's where i'm going to want to get some of your feedback,
so stay tuned.
So in terms of cloud,
you said you want to talk about a few things,
first of all,
i want to talk about uh,
why's cloud usage for a lot of people higher than initially anticipated,
we talk about what activities air actually generating this cloud usage and how you can figure that out through your
admin dashboard um also weaken through this admin dashboard figure out which
organizations and departments are actually generating your cloud usage.
And lastly,
and probably the thing on a lot of people's minds is,
is this cost?
This is rising cloud usage.
Um,
are these figures going to be manageable?
So if we take a look at this chart here,
this is going to help us address the question.
The question of wise are the cloud you such numbers so much higher than maybe we ever could have
anticipated?
Well,
we'll notice here is this orange bars showing for mea?
These are all the stats and it's the average number of student
interactions in a given month.
The orange bar is showing what happened on eco system,
so this is showing that on average students would interact with the system about four times per
month.
You'll notice that the figure when they go over to echo three sixty and the instructor does nothing different than what
they did before goes up over three times,
so you'll notice that students engage more with the platform it's driving more usage
on dso that's part of the reason why we see these usage numbers higher but the important thing to
emphasize here is that's a huge jump in
interactions that means they're using the platform or right,
that should be a really good thing.
So we want to get away from thinking about why the rise in usage is a bad thing and
start thinking about why it's really a good thing,
right?
Um,
so that's,
what we're going to,
you know,
try and focus on today and some of the some of the
pricing that we've put in place,
we'll help you guys manage this cost,
the last thing we ever want to hear is,
how can i cut them off?
How can i throttle the usage back?
I can't pay for this,
we'd never want to hear that,
right?
So we're gonna we are going to address that today.
So like i talked about in the admin dashboard there's this beautiful clouds,
you said shorten it allows you to see which activities are generating your usage,
so you'll notice that right now there are four different colors,
two of them deal with video on demand streaming.
This is probably the largest portion of cloud usage for most customers there's another one
with with live streaming and then another bucket for other well notices,
the blue bar moving forward in the months since january,
is that the biggest portion of the chart the reason being this is all of the
video on demand streaming that we can actually a tribute to an organization or department
the reason why it was mostly orange prior to then is because that's everything that we could
not a tribute to an organisation department but it's still on demand streaming that is being
tied to that institution so we've provided that granularity from january
moving forward which again is why you see so much of that blue bar um we will
continue to get ah increasingly granular with how we break this out
so we would like to be able to show you usage from mobile viewing you usage from downloads
so we will continue teo to improve this chart,
i'd also mentioned that you can now drill down and see usage at the organization department
level so you'll notice on your admin dashboard you're able to toggle and filter
by organization or department depending on what you'd like to look at on dh when you when you
click on the organ for example that you'd like to view your
cloud usage char is going to filter for specifically the cloud usage tied to
that organization so this is a way for you to again figure out alright who's
contributing to these higher numbers and ultimately we would like to provide this in a
csp export to you so you don't have toe necessarily toggle through and memorize all the
numbers for example okay how do you manage the
costs?
Well,
we have multiple solutions for you.
First of all,
we are always improving our variable pricing model and that's it where we
have the license,
plus the cloud usage bundles that you purchase allah card as you need them,
and we're constantly making those cloud usage bundles more affordable.
This is as we as we get savings from amazon as we improve our cost
structure were obviously passing those savings on to you so just know that that's always improving
and then for our customers who have more extreme use cases for example,
the opt out model that we discussed earlier,
we do have the option to do a capped pricing model,
so this will give well,
this will provide more price certainties,
so you pay one price at the beginning of the year on dh it's for the
most part,
you're not going to exceed the cloud usage that we give you,
so this tends to be a much more cost effective option for customers like i
said,
who they just go off the wall there used all the students on their license
are maxed out there in that opt out model and capturing very heavily
so here's an example of a customer who it would make sense for them to move to an opt
out model are sorry a capped model and i'll explain why so you'll notice the active
students number that they have for the years about ten thousand that was the same as
their license you'll notice that their implied capture intensity was
about twenty five percent so what this means is they were currently in an opt in model
so if a student took four classes in a term we were they would record one out of
four of those classes you'll notice that the students on average reviewing about
ten videos per month and this equated to about five hundred thousand cloud
usage hours so in the variable model that they were in they would be
paying you know,
somewhere north of ten pounds per student uh which in and of itself isn't
shocking but the problem is that costs could rise right?
So what you'll notice is in the second column over here you'll see that
if they were to go to an opt out model where instead of recording one out of four
of the classes the student was taking they were recording three out of four of those classes
you'll notice that that uh those clouds usage hours go from around five
hundred thousand to almost one point eight million that is a scary number when you're on a
variable model right?
Because it could keep growing you just you don't know what's going to stop it so what
we proposed was something that was slightly north of what they were paying
um,
on the variable model at the lower use case,
but it was still going to it was going to give them price certainty.
They know that they're not going to go to let's,
say,
thirty pounds per student,
for example.
So this really makes sense when a there's ah,
larger license you have a lot of students on and b,
you're going to a much more intense capture model,
so we know we have a lot of customers who are thinking about going from opt in to opt out.
They have twenty thousand students who they assume are going to be using the product that's when it
makes sense to look at something like this.
So if you have questions about this,
we can always talk about it later,
so now i want to turn to the recently released reports.
So we have three big reports that have been released in the admin dashboard in the
past couple months.
So first one is the capture sources card.
The second is the audit trail report,
and the third is top section,
so i'll go into detail on all three.
All right,
so what we've shown here,
these air,
just screen shots of the captures capture sources,
the first one is the car that you see on the admin dashboard.
The second is the motile that'll pop up when you click on that card,
so definitely go into the stash boarding click around because you will see different things when you,
when you click on the cards,
basically,
what this shows here is it's just a breakdown of the different types of devices that you're
using to do your captures and the amount of captures that air coming from each,
so you'll be able to see how many are from pro devices,
chd,
devices,
pod devices,
p caps he kept etcetera,
so you'll really be able to see how the institution is using the various
avenues for capturing,
and then you'll also be able to filter by organization and department,
which is nice because you can see,
for example,
the biology department on lee uses software to capture what,
while,
you know,
different department only uses hardware so that maybe something you're interested in,
and this report will allow you to see that the audit trail
report is a little bit newer than the capture sources card.
With this shows you is a list of the changes that have happened in the
platform,
andi will be all from the day before.
I think this updates daily in the middle of the night,
um,
so you'll have the card shown here,
and then when you click in,
you'll have this table that you can filter the date range so you can see certain
changes that have been made for example,
if you want to see over the past week you'll be able to do that this shows things like
students added deleted courses section same you know,
any any time you're adding or deleting uh things in the system so
and then the top sections card is probably the biggest report that we've
gotten out recently and it's a big deal we've had the card on the dashboard for a bit,
but only recently could you actually click into this card and see this wonderful table of
data inside?
So what the top sections card is showing and i believe tony alluded to it in his presentation
earlier but you'll be able to see the top three sections across the
institution based on most engagement per student.
And so when we talk about engagement,
we mean everything from video viewing,
slide deck viewing,
polling responses notify notes taken um content marked
confusing,
so what we're doing is we're aggregating the counts of all of those activities and dividing by the number
of active students in that section for the for the current term.
So there's a ghost in here
all right,
we're back wasn't special system this table is
someone playing a trick on me he's got the clicker
question was is this at top sections are all section one
yeah,
absolutely.
So this is this will give you all sections that are in the system so we're
ranking it by top sections in descending order from most engagement toe least but
we can also have zero engagement,
which means there are sections that are
they may not be doing any activity and so you will be able to see that from this report and you can
just sort to figure out which sections those are so you can sort all of these columns
you can now filter all of these columns,
so if you want to look a data for a specific instructor so you want to see maybe how one
instructor teaches across multiple sections you'd be able to see that in this table here
and today you can now see s v export all of this data so
this should give you this is probably the most granular report that we have provided in c s v
export form in the product at this point.
So this is a this is a really great report definitely go check this out.
All right now i want to talk about upcoming reporting it so this is where i'm going to need some of your input at the end
here i want to talk about two reports that we are currently working on and then we'll talk about what else
is is on the docket too to debut
so the first one here is a video asset report this would be very similar to the
top sections report in it's in the way looks and feels so you would have a card on the
admin dashboard you'd be able to click on that card and it would take you too a table that looks
very similar to the layout of the top sections report this would show you each
row would be a different video asset that you have in this in the system and
then you would have stats corresponding to those assets such as when was it
created?
When was it last viewed?
How many students have viewed the video you'd be able to see
the video duration on average how long two students viewed the video do they view it for five
minutes do they view for fifteen minutes and then ideally what we'd be able to do
is well is give you the ability to drill down into each asset on
the same table and you'd be able to see each user's view you be able to see who
they were when they viewed it how they viewed it did they view from a mobile device did they view from a
tablet on and then how long did they view it?
Did they view it for five minutes ten minutes fifteen minutes so this would be a very granular
report they would again have the ability to see us fee export
we are also working on some improvements to the instructor dashboard,
so one of the biggest reasons why we're choosing to do this now is we ultimately want to
get all of this data in the instructor dashboard away from our old data
infrastructure and on to the new,
more accurate,
more efficient platform.
So that's,
why a lot of this work is being done now and what we're going to be doing is on
the current students tab we're going to provide the same late
table layout that's in the top sections report we're gonna use that table in the student's
tab provide a bit more data for the instructor and we're going to allow them
to see us one click csp export right from that page,
so that should be a lot more convenient to the instructor they don't have to go dig around and
do multiple things to export it should be very straightforward for them,
and then we're also going to do a little bit of re design to the to the classes tab
so currently on the classes tab you have a line chart on dh there's
really no raw data underneath to support it,
so what we're going to be doing is actually providing the data in a bar charts,
you'll be able to see all of the different engagement activities that have happened for each
lesson that the instructor has taught over the term and then below that we'll have
a table with all of the raw data that is feeding that that table so to be
really easy way for the instructor traction get the raw data that they're seeing,
and again that will be a one click csp export.
So i also want to talk about some of the upcoming reports that that will be will come after
those two.
So the first one is the idea of an advisory services dashboard,
so this would be very similar to the existing admin dashboard,
but it would be for a different role in the institution,
and we provide things like at risk students of
reports so you'd be able to see you know which students haven't locked into the system in x number
of days maybe who has the fewest number of engagement activities relative to their
peers in the same class?
Perhaps so we're definitely looking to do something like that,
so if you have input,
if you have colleagues who would have a lot of input on that,
we definitely want to get your feedback.
We also plan to add that csg export feature that you now see on the top
sections report to all the other cards in the admin dashboard,
so we be providing that for things like cloud usage,
as i mentioned on the student activities card,
so definitely be working on that over the coming months and then we also
want to create a unique students report,
so this would allow you to see how many unique students have been active in the
system over the license period over the past academic year,
and then we're hoping that some really cool data comes out of that,
where you can actually see year over year,
a significant rise in unique students,
and we've done some analysis with this data outside the platform,
and it is really powerful to be able to see the jump in students year over year,
when you're growing,
we'll also be making sure that we provide that important licensing data in the platforms,
you'll be able to see,
for example,
the number of cloud usage hours used versus purchase the number of active students
in the system versus what is allowed on the license.
So we'll be priding all that data to you.
Uh,
we would also like to do a live streaming reports he'll be able to see very similar to the
video asset report.
You'll be able to see the statistics on your life streams,
and then the last one we want to do is this cross institution benchmarking,
so obviously the other institutions would be anonymous eyes,
but you would be able to see on various engagements,
stats,
how you compare to other institutions,
so just kind of get an idea of where where i fit right you may think that you're not doing
nearly enough engagement you find out that you're one of the top performers so that'll just be an
interesting way tio to gauge where you stand so like i said,
i'm gonna need your help now so if everyone can everyone who's logged in at least
can answer this pole we would love to get your feedback on what you'd like to
see next so i've provided based on our list
of reports what we i think we're going to do next but if you have something
else that you would like to see please check that box provide
your response in the q and a or feel free i'll be doing the birds of a feather table
later so we can definitely have that conversation then welcoming all of your feedback
on this because ultimately the reporting is meant to benefit you all so your
feedback is really important so i'll leave this open for a little bit
all right?
Okay so for everyone who put other make sure that you actually provide provide
something else
sorry yeah no so just put it in the q and a
thread that's that's fine just started q and a yeah
there are also a lot of great suggestions have been allies awesome good
like i said given our new data infrastructure we can go a lot more
quickly on these reports now so definitely send your feedback and well,
we'll do our best.
All right.
Uh,
okay.
I'm gonna close it out.
Almost there.
Any objections?
All right.
Awesome.
Well,
thank you guys for your participation and your patients today.
So i appreciate it.
And i look forward to all of your feedback.
Hopefully come to the birds of the feather table session and we can talk more
thing.
Alright,
thanks very much.
At least.
I think given that there have been so many questions put in and it's really detailed and were fifteen minutes
behind schedule,
i'm going to probably skip over specific.
Q and a on this particular topic can keep moving if that's okay,
unless anybody has anything just absolutely critically urgent and relevant to the whole group.
So we're going through the q and a,
right?
Yeah,
i see that it reaches the right person to talk about all things driver.
Okay,
okay,
so we'll move along and we're going to jump back to the customer side now and have another
customer presentation,
this one again from our friends at king's.